Improve Velero installation experience for existing clusters (#923)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/snapshots-storage-destinations.md

- Ceph RADOS v12.2.7
- MinIO

Run the following command to configure Velero and the storage destination. For more information about required storage destination flags, see [`velero`](/reference/kots-cli-velero-index).

```
kubectl kots velero configure-other-s3 \
  --namespace NAME \
  --endpoint ENDPOINT \
  --region REGION \
  --bucket BUCKET \
  --access-key-id ACCESS_KEY_ID \
  --secret-access-key SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
```

Replace:

- NAME with the name of the namespace where the admin console is installed and running
- ENDPOINT with the s3 endpoint
- REGION with the region where the bucket exists 
- BUCKET with the name of the object storage bucket where backups should be stored
- ACCESS_KEY_ID with the access key id to use for accessing the bucket
- SECRET_ACCESS_KEY with the secret access key to use for accessing the bucket

**Example:**

```
kubectl kots velero configure-other-s3 \
  --namespace default \
  --endpoint http://minio \
  --region minio \
  --bucket kots-snaps \
  --access-key-id XXXXXXXJTJB7M2XZUV7D \

>   --secret-access-key <secret access key here>

Reviewer: To the docs team, I don't know how you want to style these fake example values.

Reviewer 2: I changed this to a fake example for accessibility purposes, because screen readers often interpret `<` and `>` as "less than" and "greater than".

>     --secret-access-key <secret access key here>

Reviewer: To the docs team, I don't know how you want to style these fake values for this example.

```

If no Velero installation is detected, instructions are displayed to install Velero and configure the storage destination.

## Configure S3-Compatible Storage for Air Gapped Environments

> In Replicated app manager 1.94.0 and later, the following S3-compatible object stores are supported for storing backups with Velero:

Author: ```suggestion
> Introduced in the Replicated app manager v1.94.0

The following S3-compatible object stores are supported for storing backups with Velero:
```
